Factors----
There are a number of factors. I will start with mistakes I made each semester, then move to personal habits.
Fall 2014: There was no hope for Calculus (due partially to attendance but also largely to other factors), so I dropped it, but I thought I would be able to pull through Writing, so I didn't drop that, resulting in an F.
Spring 2015: Overloaded on courses, not realizing that CE labs typically require several page lab reports every week. Also kept sleeping in and missing CS Theory, so I had to drop that. The unexpected workload resulted in not completing a lot of CS II work, and what I did complete was graded tougher, so I had to drop that. I took it at home over the summer and got an A.
Fall 2015: Was pressured into enrolling in calculus. It quickly became obvious to all that the extra workload was too much, so I dropped it. The Jewish holidays landed at the most inconvenient time this year, so I missed a lot of classes and had difficulty catching up in several classes. Difficulty waking up resulted in an attendance problem with Communication, who failed me. Sudden lack of motivation due to stress at the end of the semester, combined with low grades from the beginning of the semester, resulted in failing Math Models of Software.
Personal issues: Difficulty waking up has been a constant since high school. No matter when my first class is, I am always likely to be late, sometimes too late to be worth going. I have tried numerous solutions to this problem, with little success. This semester, I found it considerably easier after the clocks changed. Most teachers in the past have either simply accepted this and worked around it, or moved me to a different section at a later time.
Other problems include difficulty maintaining focus, procrastination, loss of motivation when under high stress, and other similar factors I cannot think of currently.

Extracurriculars----
Primarily RIT Ambulance
Also RIT Chabad, RIT Hillel, and International House

Roles----
Vice President of Chabad (this consumes minimal time, as we are currently very small)

Continuance----
All of the above. RIT Ambulance is pretty much the only thing I do outside of school work. Hillel and Chabad are sadly the vast majority of my religious activity while at school, and often provide meals. Most of my involvement with Hillel is on Shabbat, on which I cannot do school work anyway. International House I am not officially a member of anymore, but I often go there on Shabbat or if I happen to be passing by to hang out with friends. As a side effect, I sometimes go to I-House events.

Goals----
Unfortunately despite my efforts to the contrary my grades have continually been less than stellar. While I typically manage one A per semester, the rest of my grades are never quite as good. Often there are several Cs and an F or two. The Fs are the biggest problem, of course. They represent time that is now largely wasted, and could have been spent improving those Cs. They represent a waste of money and a significant drop in my GPA. Each semester I push myself to get good grades, and often I find myself initially succeeding. As the semester continues, various factors always seem to push me over, at which point I have too much weight on me to get back to the height I had previously reached. I hope that analogy made sense. I can't keep doing the whole "this semester will be the one" thing. It's too late. I thought I had another semester before I was suspended, but it seems that is false. Since clearly I don't know how to fix my problems, perhaps you can help me to do so.
Goals: Not fail any classes. Have no grades below C. Learn better habits so I can continue this performance through the rest of my college career.

Math----
I don't. Not with Calculus. There is something in my head that refuses to let Calculus stay and connect. Every other math course I've taken has been perfectly fine, except the ~5 times I've attempted a Calculus course. It's only gotten worse the more I try. Doesn't really matter which resources I try, I have found no success. I tried a couple of times to get help from the ASC, and most of what they said was to just do a lot of problems. I don't have time for that with a normal courseload. Perhaps this is just because of my difficulty with getting help.

Writing----
I don't. I am perfectly good at writing, I just have difficulty completing the assignments.

Major----
So many factors. Largely a love of computer programming coupled with an understanding that in industry, most professional programmers are software engineers, but most applicants studied Computer Science. This makes Software Engineering seem the best choice.

About me----
My difficulty with school does not define me. I am an intelligent person. I highly enjoy computers and EMS. I am an Orthodox Jew. I'm a fairly typical RIT student, though even here I find I still don't really fit in with any particular group and instead have found a few that I spend my time between.
My grades are rarely representative of what I've learned in each course. Of the courses I failed, I know the vast majority of the material at least as well as the average student, probably better. Sadly, I've found grades in general represent ability to do work in a timely fashion rather than actual understanding of the material. I do best in classes that are minimally restrained by time. I find it easiest to do most work in constrained courses right after I get it, followed by immediately after it is due, followed by immediately before.
Failure, and also impending failure, make me deeply sad. I'm still working on my social abilities. I am disorganized because I've found organization to be largely wasteful when operating as an individual. When operating as part of a group, I am highly organized, as I've found it to be of great benefit there.

My apologies for the disorganization and inconsistency of this box. I am trying to give a lot of information quickly, as I've been working on this application for weeks and need it in today.

---------
Because there is nowhere else to put this, I would like to state that number 4 of the items to initial at the end of this application is self-contradictory. It states that I must agree to attend all classes, then states that absences accrue before any action is taken. It is also unfair in that it does not care about excused absences. Let it be known that I do not agree that excused absences should count. I hereby state that my initials below for that statement represent my agreement only that I will attempt to attend all classes when possible (religious holidays, for example, I may miss for as I cannot do work on those). It also acknowledges that I understand missing multiple classes will result in the consequences as outlined in that text.
As to number 5, it is also contradictory. It requires me to turn in all work on time, then lists consequences for not doing so. It also specifies assignments must be turned in in class, despite the fact that many assignments are turned in online and not necessarily during class. Furthermore, should I miss a class, it is impossible to turn in an assignment in class, so I will turn it in to the professor as soon as possible after class. Should I know in advance that I will be absent, it is again impossible to turn it in during class, so I will give it to the professor prior to my absence or at the time agreed upon by myself and the instructor. I hereby state that that my initials below for statement 5 represent my agreement only that I will attempt to turn in all assignments on time and that I understand the consequences for not doing so.
Number 7 lists that I agree to the rules listed in texts I have not seen. I hereby state that my agreement to statement 7 is on condition that the rules are fair and reasonable, that any specifics that require something which does not match the way things are actually supposed to be go by the way it actually is, and that any decision made by the CRP or other RIT administration which allows for any change to the rules, even if only temporary or retroactive, may override the rules as agreed to here in a fair manner.
My agreement to all statements in this application are conditional on the acceptance of the statements regarding the rules made in this text box. Should any discussion of this be necessary, please don't hesitate to contact me. Perhaps I misunderstood something here. I'm sure any issues can be worked out reasonably and quickly.
Thank you for considering me for this program.

Hinderance----
1) Lack of sense of time/time management abilities

2) Easily overwhelmed, leads to high stress, leads to lack of motivation

3) Factors beyond my control (holidays, lack of prior knowledge of personal course difficulty, etc.)

4) Inability to accept help from others/tell others I am weaker than them

Skills----
Academic---
I know how to school. I've been doing it pretty much my whole life. I can read and write and do math and solve problems and all the other things I am expected to do. Except sometimes I can't, and I rarely know in advance when that will be. My problems are more with executive issues than with academic ability.
Personal---
I am redefining this block to be things like time management, organization, etc. Those seem to be bigger problems. My personal life and relationship with others has very little to do with my academic performance.
Career---
Would I be more interested in another major? Probably. I honestly think I would enjoy Computer Engineering more, having taken a few classes in it already. I might enjoy Computer Science's theoretical approach to programming more. Computer Security would absolutely be a fun field to work in, though I'd probably have to work for the government. But of the majors I've listed, all but Computer Security require more math than I'm already required to do, none require any less, and I'm already struggling to complete my current math requirements.